hey everybody time for another knife
review by Wilma slicer this one today
the columbia river knife and tool mini
my tighe i absolutely love this knife
this is my favorite EDC as of yet and
I'll tell you why let's get to the specs
first three inch blade recurved with
satin finish we got the 1.4 116
stainless steel which in my opinion is
very similar to the off for steel the
rockwell hardness is 55 to 57 sorry
latex I camera which is exactly the same
as oz for so it's very comparable it's
opened everything I needed to open you
know cut everything I need to cut so
perfectly good blade steel and I haven't
I haven't even resharpened it which is
pretty neat because I've had it for
about three weeks and I use it every day
okay other thing a six and a half inches
when it's fully opened which is a pretty
good-sized you know especially for an
ADC of course as this is designed by the
Canadian knife maker Bryant I which is
the compact version of the regular my
type which is a lot larger and this
knife ways 3.8 ounces so it's a pretty
heavy heavy knife but you know sometimes
you know I was thinking because my
delica is a lot lighter but I really
like having that extra weight and makes
me feel more protective protected and
you know also gives you that extra I
don't know makes you feel like you have
something in your hand it's not just
going to like fly away or something okay
very cool vital moldings and embedded in
the handle right here and with the
unique dimple design looks like bubbles
to me so I thought that was pretty neat
very innovative very unique and the
Teflon coated pocket clip
fortunately it is one side tip down only
carry so my turn off a lot of people but
if you you know can get used to it very
handy very you know a very cool looking
it's also cut out to the site l balding
so I thought that was pretty neat too as
you can see this knife have gone through
a lot of wear and tear I take it with me
everywhere and you know that's what you
get when you're crawling through caves
and stuff pockets clips going to
definitely get scratched up which you
know if it was just a satin finish it
wouldn't be all scratched up like that
you couldn't really notice so but it
wouldn't be as cool I think it would
take away from the awesomes I shell
molding so we're going to enjoy that
while we can and a texturized duel some
stuff for ambidextrous opening and
closing we got a liner lock in here and
okay parsa point on this knife it's
about an eighty dollar knife running
about you know MSRP knives plus another
discount nice stores you can probably
get it for about forty-five to fifty
dollars and I hit the jackpot with ebay
and got it for about 35 so definitely
check out ebay they got a lot of cool
knives out there be very careful make
sure you don't get a knockoff I
definitely didn't and this knife came
perfectly intact no you know brand
spanking new ride the box this is the
box that it came in okay as you can see
this has out first assisted opening
which is wonderful especially for a
little knife like this as you know i
love to do reviews on women-friendly
knives and this is definitely
women-friendly when i first started out
doing nice nice collecting I wasn't
quite sure if I was comfortable with the
opening methods that a lot of knives
have of course you can see my other two
reviews on the bench main may ambush
which is not assisted opening but mmm
you know might as well be because it is
so smooth and the thumb stud is perfect
you know I really like some studs when
it's when a knife have some stats I hope
you know to get many more these
particles are good it took me a long
time to get used to opening the Endura
that my boyfriend has eventually I got
used to it and so I went you know we got
the delica for me so this one just that
outbursts assist just makes it even
better I mean super fast opening and
it's smooth and it's effortless and if
you're you know the type of woman I am
and you just don't want to worry about
opening it really helps a lot you can
also get it without it if you'd rather
you know and you can also take it apart
and take it out if you want to buy it
with the assisted opening and then take
it apart later you can take it out if
you need to and then put it back
together so that's pretty cool if you
want that option also this knife comes
in three different varieties of course
the satin finish plain edge there's also
the satin finish with the vest erations
and there's also the Teflon coated with
the vest serrations which is the black
blade and it also has the black handle
which i think is pretty hardcore looking
it's pretty little nice we got excellent
jumping on the top of the blade I
absolutely love the jumping on this
knife everything about this knife is
like super economic sorry economic and
fits perfectly in my hand as you can see
we have this little lip on the very end
which definitely gives you a lot of good
grip on the knife you know it has little
curves here for your night your fingers
to fit in I love the jumping I've
already said that texturize thumb stud I
love those I just can't say enough good
things about this knife hmm like I said
before it is a little bit heavy but you
know everyone that I've showed this
knife to they're like whoa that is like
badass it is a super cool little knife
as the blade shape on it is so unique
that I get a lot of comments I mean it's
very beautiful it's a beautiful style
and I think the blade style is mostly
just for aesthetics but if any of you
know that if it's you know made this way
for a reason and then I mean please let
me know i would love to figure it out I
just can't get enough this knife is so
amazing oh I guess that's about a guy's
if you have any questions you know feel
free to message me or give me a comment
and i would love to do another review
coming up soon i got a couple knives
coming in the mail so be on the lookout
for that so i will definitely talk to
you guys later thanks for watching